
 # Team Meeting 04/28/2023

## Meeting Start Time
2023/04/20/16:00
## Meeting End Time
2023/04/20/16:30

## Location/Medium

Dicord Call

## Present

Jared, Jacob, Julio, Landon

## Minute Recorder

Jared

## Things Discussed
* Everyones progress
  * Jacob says that the views are in a good place but styling is a priority.
  * Julio says he is done with the controllers and is ready for another task
  * Landon and Jared have been discussing sqlite and implementing it.
* Should we worry about hosting?
* Should we use sh_t happens?
  * Might need a little extra time
* Pushing changes
  * Some members could be better at pushing their changes so we have quicker updates and can work together easier.
* What areas need the most work
  * The styling is lackluster
  * Sqlite still needs to be hooked up
* Repeated attempts to contact Connor are yielding no results

## Tasks Distributed
* Jared
  * Implement the authorization system and tie all the systems together. Jared will also make sure the database is working correctly and make sure test coverage is high.
* Julio
  * Put the finishing touches on the controllers and then focus on implementing the mapping feature.
* Jacob
  * Work out the issues with the views and make sure they are styled well.
* Landon
  * Work on the architecture documentation and work with Jared to make sure the database is working correctly.
